add some guest info for kcs (#547)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/events/2024/kcsna/social.md

**NOTE:** Guests must adhere to all KubeCon health & safety requirements.

> To bring a guest, please email summit-team@kubernetes.io with their information **no later than 24 hours before the event**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To bring a guest, please email summit-team@kubernetes.io with their information **no later than Sunday, November 10th at noon Mountain time**.
```

because:  (1) give a specific date & time instead of relative, and (b) if you ask for it by noon then you can give the final list to Brienne at the walkthrough.
